Enhance bot tracking documentation in tracking-api.md (#852)
piwik/developer-documentation: docs/5.x/tracking-api.md

* `queuedtracking` &mdash; When set to `0` (zero), the queued tracking handler won't be used and instead the tracking request will be executed directly. This can be useful when you need to debug a tracking problem or want to test that the tracking works in general.

### Other parameters

* `send_image` &mdash; If set to 0 (`send_image=0`) Matomo will respond with an HTTP 204 response code instead of a GIF image. This improves performance and can fix errors if images are not allowed to be obtained directly (eg Chrome Apps). Available since Matomo 2.10.0
* `ping`  &mdash; If set to 1 (`ping=1`), the request will be a [Heartbeat request](https://matomo.org/faq/how-to/faq_21824/) which will not track any new activity (such as a new visit, new action or new goal). The heartbeat request will only update the visit's total time to provide accurate "Visit duration" metric when this parameter is set. It won't record any other data. This means by sending an additional tracking request when the user leaves your site or app with `&ping=1`, you fix the issue where the time spent of the last page visited is reported as 0 seconds.

## Tracking Bots

> As of Matomo 5.7.0, Matomo can record requests from automated agents so you can analyze bot activity separately from normal visits. The tracking distinguishes between **visit/action tracking** and **bot tracking**, depending on the `recMode` and detection results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Matomo 5.7.0, Matomo can record requests from automated agents, allowing you to analyse bot activity separately from normal visits. Tracking distinguishes between **visit/action tracking** and **bot tracking**, depending on the `recMode` parameter and detection results.
```

* **`recMode=1`** – *Bot only*
  Only bot tracking is performed. If the request is not detected as a bot, it will be discarded.

* **`recMode=2`** – *Auto mode*
  Matomo automatically decides whether to treat the request as a bot or a normal visit based on detection.

### The `bots` parameter

`bots=1` can be used to **force a request to be tracked as a normal visit/action**, even if Matomo’s detection classifies it as a bot.
This allows preserving visit data from known bots in special cases, such as when using automated testing or controlled monitoring tools.

_Note: This parameter exclusively works in *Visit only mode*, so with `recMode` not set_

### Parameters processed during bot tracking

When a request is processed as a bot (either via `recMode=1` or automatically detected in `recMode=2`), **only** the following parameters are evaluated.
All other Tracking API parameters are ignored for bot requests.

* `url`: The page URL that the bot accessed.
* `download`: The document URL if the request represents a download. To be sent instead of `url`.
* `http_status`: The HTTP status code returned by your server.

> * `bw_bytes`: Bytes transfered to the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `bw_bytes`: Bytes transferred to the client.
```
